Zhao Xueling
Have you forgotten the lesson I taught you last time?
Ye Xian, this is not that I want to trouble you
It's the Grain Group.
They took a fancy to our village
It's time to develop a resort
Your Ye family is on the first batch of relocation lists
There is a demolition compensation for this demolition.
Demolition payment pair
10,000 whole
Enough for you to buy hundreds of catties of pork
10,000 block
Do you think we are begging for food?
You gave 10,000 a lot of money for this shitty house
Besides, it's the decision of the food group
Do you want to go against the food group?
But there is no good fruit to eat
What kind of food do you care about hot food?
Dare to dismantle my Ye family
Just one word
Give the money, you will be shameless.
I see that the shameless person is yours.
Or I'll break your dog legs
Boy, you asked for this
You wait for me.
The grain detectives will be here soon
Dare to be a thief with food robbers
Today we will see how you died
Xiaoxian, what should I do now?
It doesn't matter if the soldiers come to block
Water comes from soil